fix(cli): adds skip override flag (#5)
sterlingwes/expo-build-flags: README.md

You can run `yarn build-flags ota-override` instead of "override" to do the same but also consider the branch name in two supported CI environments: Github and Gitlab. Use the `ota.branches` array in the flags.yml to setup that matching and branch-based enablement.

> Use `--skip-if-env <ENV_VAR>` to skip the override command when a certain environment variable is set. This can be useful in CI job runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--skip-if-env <ENV_VAR_NAME>` passing the name of the environment variable to check. If the variable has a truthy value the CLI command will be a no-op/skipped. This can be useful in CI contexts like EAS where other processes may handle generating the runtime build flags. In the case of EAS you could use `--skip-if-env EAS_BUILD`
```

mostly want to be clear they shouldn't pass the var value, but adding additional context too wouldn't hurt
